FOCUS #249: EffectiveCost review (#250)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/metrics/billedcost.md

# Billed Cost

> The Billed Cost represents a charge serving as the basis for invoicing, inclusive of the impacts of all reduced rates and discounts while excluding the amortization of upfront charges (one-time or recurring). This cost is denominated in the [Billing Currency](#billingcurrency). The Billed Cost is used to perform FinOps capabilities that require cash-basis accounting such as cost allocation, budgeting, and invoice reconciliation.

Author: ```suggestion
The Billed Cost represents a charge serving as the basis for invoicing, inclusive of the impacts of all reduced rates and discounts while excluding the amortization of relevant purchases (one-time or recurring) paid to cover future eligible charges. This cost is denominated in the [Billing Currency](#billingcurrency). The Billed Cost is used to perform FinOps capabilities that require cash-basis accounting such as cost allocation, budgeting, and invoice reconciliation.
```
